=Generation to Generation=
=Episode 13=
(Xuanwu Altar, Dungeon)
(Li Sect, Xing)
Hurry.
Come on, open up!
Can't get it open.
What a useless door!
This is driving me crazy.
So filthy in here.
Xing.
Listen!
Using me to threaten You Guanyue
is totally useless.
If he dares back down,
I'll tear him a new one!
Xing, I'm here to rescue you.
Come with me.
Go.
(Master of Xuanwu Altar, Xiong Qianjin)
I'd like to see
who this
spy is.
Find a chance to escape.
Where's Xing?
She ran away.
Where to?
You didn't see her?
Get up!
Go!
Mu Qingyan seized the Qinglong Altar.
Nie Zhe will surely set up
heavy guards all around.
We need a foolproof plan first.
Say our family works at
the Qinglong Altar,
and we're here to
persuade them to surrender.
The demon sect is ruthless.
They won't spare innocents,
let alone relatives.
This plan is too risky.
Stories always say,
victory favors the bold.
Only the brave win head-on fights.
You'll never know unless you try.
Zhao.
You can't survive out there
just by storybooks.
Books pave the way for journeys.
Why wouldn't it work?
Hurry up and go.
- A ghost!
- Don't run!
A ghost!
- Miss!
-Ghost! Ghost!
Miss.
Miss!
(No inner power at all)
Calm down.
What kind of ghost was it?
Take your time.
I saw a bunch of walking ghosts.
Yellow faces.
White eyes.
They walk like this.
It terrified me.
Could it be the corpse slaves?
Could Nie Zhe be up to
his old tricks again,
refining corpse slaves once more?
Who are you?
Why are you wearing my dress?
Village chief gave it to me.
Grandpa?
You're Xing?
Enough.
I need to tell Grandpa quickly.
If Xiong Qianjin comes for me,
everyone will be in trouble.
Xing!
We'll go with you.
Where did you hide Xing?
No idea.
I don't know.
Tell me where you hid Xing!
Tell me!
If you do,
then you won't die.
Xiong Qianjin, you scoundrel!
I...
Keep this safe for me.
Zhao, what are you doing?
Don't worry, Yuzhi.
Gotta disguise myself.
Where did you hide Xing?
I don't know. I really don't know.
You all wanna die, huh?
Speak!
Stop!
Xiong Qianjin.
Aren't you here to catch me?
I'll go with you.
Let them go.
Grandpa, don't be scared.
It'll be fine.
Xing.
They killed Wang.
Poor Wang.
He barely lived in his new house.
Shut up!
Big lug.
Aren't you gonna take me away?
What are you stalling for?
I hate being called a big lug.
If you try to run again,
I'll break your legs!
Come on.
Take them all back!
Wait.
Move, hurry!
Hurry up!
Hurry!
Xing.
Grandpa, Grandpa.
Go to Qinglong Altar for reinforcements.
I'll save Zhao.
Go! Hurry!
Keep up, back there!
Hurry!
Hurry up!
Go!
Keep up!
Hurry!
What are you doing?
You nearly blinded me.
One day, I'll take your eyes out!
Master Xiong.
Lady Sun.
It's so late.
What brings you to such a remote place?
Picking flowers for the Chief.
These flowers need night dew
to have their medicinal effect.
- Move quickly!
- Yes.
Who are you?
I'm a maid of the Qinglong Altar.
Xing.
Your face is covered in dirt,
but your eyes are beautiful.
Master Xiong.
Why not give this girl to me?
This...
Madam.
The strategist asked for this girl.
I'm afraid I can't explain it to him.
Fine then.
Farewell, Madam.
Quit staring! Move!
Mr. Mu.
The village is completely empty.
Xing is nowhere to be found.
Where exactly did Xing go?
Find them.
(Youming Path)
Move!
My leg!
My leg.
I can't go on either.
What are you doing?
Are you trying to die?
My old leg injury is acting up again.
- I can't walk anymore.
- Get up.
My knee's acting up again.
I can't move.
Stand up!
Get up now, hear me?
Dare to run?
- Come back!
- After her!
Catch her!
Stop!
Don't run!
Over there!
This is the Poison Swarm Array
aunt encountered back then.
Touch the array's trigger,
and deadly venomous swarm
will swarm you.
Run!
Once they sting you,
(Spring and Blossoms)
you'll die for sure.
(This array)
(is just like the Poison Swarm Array)
(aunt told me about.)
(This must be the trigger spot.)
As long as I apply
the Bee-Repelling Powder,
the venomous bees will stay far away.
There she is! Don't let her get away!
Stay still!
You guys go, now.
But what about Miss Feng?
I'll get you out first.
This is what Miss Feng wanted too.
Alright, let's go.
Go, let's go.
- Go.
- Go!
Hurry, go now!
Who are you?
You're not Xing.
(Oh no.)
(She fed me softening powder.)
Don't try any tricks.
Move!
(Li Sect, EightClaw Prison)
Speak.
Who are your accomplices?
Six Sects of Beichen,
or Mu Qingyan?
I don't know them.
I'm just a junior from the Qingzhu Gang.
I came to the Li Sect
to seek refuge with a relative.
Qingzhu Gang?
Our Qingzhu Gang
is a small sect by the Canglang River.
The leader passed away.
And the sect disbanded.
I had nowhere else to go.
So I came here to find my relative.
Why did you pretend to be Xing?
I got lost in the forest.
The villagers found me
and took me in.
If it weren't for them,
I would've died a long time ago.
My martial arts aren't great,
but I do understand
a small act of kindness
should be repaid with deep gratitude.
Last night,
that so-called Master Xiong
tied up everyone in the village.
He said
if they didn't hand over Xing,
he'd kill every single one of them.
He killed Uncle Wang
right then and there.
It was a horrifying scene.
They saved my life.
How could I stand by and do nothing?
I acted on impulse,
and pretended to be Xing.
Xiong Qianjin.
He used the villagers' lives
to threaten us.
Yeah.
Poor Uncle Wang.
His baby was only three months old.
Aunt Wang cried so hard
she almost fainted.
You're lying.
How could a mere Qingzhu clan disciple
know about the Poison Swarm Array?
Sis.
You don't know.
When our leader was young,
he had an extraordinary experience.
He said he once met a
most amazing female hero.
That heroine
wielded a sword
brighter than the sun.
So mighty.
That array
was taught to our old leader
by the heroine.
Could it be her?
(This person doesn't seem all that bad.)
Sis.
Is this place
where they
turn people into monsters?
What monsters?
The village chief said,
lately in the village,
when the uncles and brothers go hunting,
they keep getting captured
by the Slayer Ghost.
When they come back,
they're turned into
gray-faced, white-eyed monsters.
Slayer Ghost?
Yeah.
It's terrifying.
Neither alive nor dead.
No response when called.
And it suddenly
goes mad and bites people.
Sis.
You're refining a corpse slave.
Back then, Master lost his mind,
and insisted on refining corpse slaves.
Our fellow disciples
either died or scattered.
Have you forgotten all that?
Why are you making these
evil things again?
I haven't forgotten.
But this is the Chief's order.
I have no choice but to obey.
The ambush on the Six Sects earlier
cost the Demonic Camp heavy losses.
Mu Qingyan is advancing fast,
and the sect is severely short-handed.
I had no other option.
But you can't
use innocent villagers' lives.
Their families have supported
the Li Sect for generations.
The Li Sect should protect them,
not refine them into corpses.
That village has secretly
sided with the Six Sects,
passing them information.
They must be dealt with.
Fengge.
Don't worry.
For those loyal to the Li Sect,
we will protect them well.
Fengge.
I will investigate myself
whether they betrayed the Li Sect.
Find the one
who leaked the news to Elder Hu.
Kill them.
Understood.
Peng bird.
(Youming Path)
(EightClaw Prison)
(Guo Zigui)
Guo Zigui.
Uncle Guo.
Mom's the best!
Your Uncle Guo might be a bit better.
Mom's never beaten him.
Who's Uncle Guo?
He's the uncle
who grew up with your mom.
And also the junior brother
of mine and your Uncle Qi.
Uncle Qi's junior brother?
Is he also at the Qingque Sect?
We haven't heard from him in years.
Is he dead or alive?
Just tell us already.
Doesn't he know
how much we worry about him?
No news isn't always a bad thing.
Just imagine he's still alive.
Could Uncle Guo
have died here?
Mom,
do you know
why Dad went down the mountain?
He has his reasons for going.
Just focus on your cultivation.
Don't worry about it.
But Fengchi said
Dad suddenly left the mountain
after going to Chunling Cottage
the day before yesterday.
Don't you think that's strange?
And Yuzhi.
I haven't seen him in days either.
I thought he was
still recovering in seclusion.
But when I went to Chuitian Dock today,
there were only
two Guangtian Sect guards left.
They said
he went down to clear his head.
Speaking of which,
I haven't seen Cai Zhao in days either.
Could she have gone down
the mountain too?
No.
Did she actually leave with Yuzhi?
Nonsense.
Yuzhi would never act
so recklessly and disrespectfully
Yuzhi always acts
with caution and propriety,
honorable and upright.
If you still have feelings for him,
don't make wild guesses about him.
It'll only upset him.
I care about his injuries
every single day.
But he
snuck down the mountain
without a word.
Without even telling me.
Lingbo,
I already told you,
he doesn't have feelings for you.
Stop forcing it.
Mom.
We got engaged when I was nine.
It's been ten years.
I've trained hard every single day.
Lived in the Disciples' Dorm
like everyone else.
Just so I could be closer to him.
Hoping that one day,
I'd be worthy of him.
Someone so talented
and extraordinary.
I don't care about
being the Lady of Sect.
I just like him.
I like him so much.
So I keep forcing it!
Cai Zhao!
Not here.
Over there.
- Feicui.
- Feicui!
Where's Cai Zhao?
After that Body Shift incident,
milady's been holding in her anger.
It turns out more than ten years ago,
our Luoying Valley was besieged
by the demon sect,
and we almost all died.
It was all the doing of
the previous Lord of Qingque Sect
and his daughter.
Just thinking about it makes me angry.
This Qingque Sect,
is really not a place to stay.
- You...
- Shut up!
How dare a lowly maid
talk nonsense here?
Just tell me.
Where did Cai Zhao go?
For a disciple of Qingque Sect
to skip class and
sneak down the mountain for no reason
is to show open contempt for the sect
and defiance of the Master.
She deserves severe punishment,
expulsion from the sect!
Speak.
Where exactly has Cai Zhao gone?
Will you talk or not?
Xingjia, Lingbo.
Let's talk this out calmly.
Don't scare Feicui.
Zhuo.
She's just a maid.
A maid is still
a disciple of Luoying Valley.
We're all part of the Jianghu.
We don't judge people by their birth.
Let's go.
Feicui.
Zhuo.
Zhao.
Where exactly is she?
She isn't on the mountain.
But don't worry, Zhuo.
She's with Yuzhi.
She'll be fine.
Zhuo.
Then I'll be off.
I've been waiting for you, Lord.
Yunke.
Come, have some tea.
Shijun.
You left days earlier than me,
so why haven't you
entered the Hanhai Mountains yet?
The entrance is sealed.
Can't get in.
I'm guessing
Mr. Mu and Nie Zhe got into a fight.
Then how do you still
have time to sip tea here?
What's the rush?
When Pingshu was Zhao's age,
she could fight her way in and out
of the Youming Path
multiple times.
Besides,
as long as we lay low,
no one will know their identities.
That just makes it safer.
Come on, come down and have some tea.
Let me tell you,
I spent quite a bit on this tea.
The Spring Equinox Maojian Tea.
One sip is worth ten taels of silver.
Give it a try.
Yunke,
please.
Pingshu wrote earlier that
Zhao kept asking him about
the whereabouts of the Jade Sunflower.
This time,
she went down the mountain with Yuzhi.
Straight for the Hanhai Mountains.
Could the Jade Sunflower
really be in the demon sect?
Knowing Pingshu's personality,
she might have really returned it.
No one knows the two kids
went down the mountain together,
right?
After all, they're both unmarried.
What if...
I came alone this time,
just to keep things quiet.
I only hope
they all stay safe.
(My parents are still alive,
when can I go home?)
(The softening powder)
(is getting stronger.)
(Am I going to die here too?)
You overexerted your mind and spirit
fighting Duan Jiuxiu.
You have stagnant energy in your body.
It needs to be released soon.
There are no medicinal herbs here.
Back at the sect. I'll handle it.
I'll teach you
an internal mindful way.
Try using your energy.
Is this the Mu clan's
secret internal mindful way?
You could say that.
This mindful way
was created by my father.
It's called the Innate Circulation.
It works wonders for
injuries and poison.
If not for this mindful way,
over a year ago,
I would've died in the Hanhai Mountains.
New moon on the third, it gleams bright.
Zhen aligns with Geng, toward the West.
On the eighth day,
Dui with Ding.
The crescent, taut as a silken cord.
On the fifteenth day,
Qian forms complete.
Full and bright,
align with Jia, toward the East.
(It actually seems to work.)
(Finally, there's a way out.)
Who are you?
Have you seen the corpse slaves?
A ghost.
I've never seen a ghost.
We'll see where you can run when you
get to the Underworld.
Kill me.
Then your Chief will never get
the treasure for
his divine skill cultivation.
What treasure?
A month ago,
I…
I ran into three people.
One of them said
he was…
Elder from the Li Sect.
Elder Tianji, Duan Jiuxiu.
Where are they now?
They were killed by people
from the Six Sects of Beichen.
Before they died,
they gave me a bottle of something.
Said it was for cultivating...
It called...
Ziwei Method.
They also said
if I offered this treasure
to the Chief of Li Sect,
I'd get a huge reward.
I'm willing to
hand over that treasure now.
All I ask is that you spare me.
Let me live.
Where is the treasure now?
I hid it in the woods of
the Hanhai Mountains.
I can take you there right now.
Trying to trick me?
Elder Tianji,
such a suspicious person,
would never hand a treasure to
a girl he doesn't even know.
It wasn't Elder Tianji
who gave it to me.
It was someone called
Qinong, a beautiful lady.
She secretly hid it for me.
She said Elder Tianji
had turned against her,
and she couldn't survive anymore.
So she asked me to
pass a message to the Chief.
Bring him up here!
Help me!
Where's the treasure?
If you don't talk,
then I'll throw you in.
So this is how you refine corpse slaves.
You've really lost all humanity!
One.
Two.
If I die, we die together!
Zhao.
Yuzhi.
Zhao, are you hurt?
I'm fine.
Outside attack.
We need to go now.
- Get up.
- Thanks, Miss Feng.
Please, get up.
- Get up.
- Upholding justice
is what we in the Jianghu should do.
No need to stand on ceremony.
Mr. Mu, the forced attack
triggered the mechanism.
This place is collapsing!
Li Yi.
Wasn't he stationed at
the Xuanwu Altar with Yu Huiyin?
So this is
where they make corpse slaves.
Monstrous curs.
How many innocent believers
did they seize?
How many corpse slaves have they made?
Sunshine Blade.
Zhao.
=Generation to Generation=
♪The breeze is gentle,
and spring is fair♪
♪I roam the rivers and hills
in the martial world♪
♪With a shining cup,
I drink with delight tonight♪
♪Free to wander in the world♪
♪I drink with the breeze,
lost in my dreams♪
♪I rest beneath the stars' soft gleam♪
♪The night is calm, still as a stream♪
♪It washes away all judgment and scheme♪
♪I drink with the breeze,
lost in my dreams♪
♪I hold the bright moon
as I return home♪
♪I freely roam in the world♪
♪All I ask is that you go with me♪
♪I drink with the breeze,
lost in my dreams♪
♪I hold the bright moon
as I return home♪
♪I freely roam in the world♪
♪All I ask is that you go with me♪